Update docs for parallel repeat file structure (#1092)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/guide/execution/quickrun_execution.rst

  openfe quickrun transformation.json -o results.json

Parallel execution of repeats with Quickrun
===========================================

> Serial execution of multiple repeats of a transformation can be inefficient when working with a HPC, in this case higher
> throughput can be achieved by running one repeat per HPC job allowing for parallel execution. Most protocols are setup to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serial execution of multiple repeats of a transformation can be inefficient when simulation times are long.
Higher throughput can be achieved with parallel execution by running one repeat per HPC job. Most protocols are set up to
```

> run ``three repeats in seral`` by default, however, this can be changed either via the protocol setting ``protocol_repeats``, see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
run ``three repeats in serial`` by default, however, this can be changed either via the protocol setting ``protocol_repeats``, see the
```

> run ``three repeats in seral`` by default, however, this can be changed either via the protocol setting ``protocol_repeats``, see the
> :ref:`protocol configuration guide <cookbook/choose_protocol.nblink>` for more details or overridden via the
> ``--n-protocol-repeats`` flag of the ``openfe quickrun`` command. Each transformation can then be executed multiple times via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run three repeats in serial by default, but this can be changed by either:
 
 1. Defining the protocol setting ``protocol_repeats`` - see the :ref:`protocol configuration guide <cookbook/choose_protocol.nblink>` for more details.
 2. Using the ``openfe plan-rhfe-network`` (or ``plan-rbfe-network``) command line flag ``--n-protocol-repeats``.  Each transformation can then be executed multiple times via the
```

Reviewer: I think breaking this out into a list might be easier for users to find visually - also this is a planning-stage flag, not a quickrun flag.

Author: yeah that is much easier and wow good catch!

``openfe quickrun`` command to produce a set of repeats, however, you need to ensure to use unique results
files for each repeat to ensure they don't overwrite each other. We recommend using folders named ``results_x`` where x is 0-2
to store the repeated calculations as our :ref:`openfe gather <cli_gather>` command also supports this file structure.

> Here is an example of a simple script that will create and submit a separate job script (\*.job named file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a simple script that will create and submit a separate job script (``\*.job`` named file)
```
